--- 
layout: post
title: What is wrong with my life?
wordpress_id: 43
wordpress_url: http://tmayad.loonyb.in/?p=43
date: 2005-04-27 16:21:00 +05:30
---
<p>WHAT THE HELL..I've yelled it now for n number of times and still shouting my voice out. Why does any one want to have this god forsaken life. Nothing ever works for me. When everything looks gr8, I'm afraid something might go wrong and sure it does. When was the last time something worked right for me?</p>

<p>Wondering what happened now? Okay...Here's the story. First I havethis internship to do which by the stupid policies of a first rate 'item' college turns out to be after 2nd year when no one who is any one will take you up leaving you open to only one way, to accept what ever the already reliance pawned college has for you, i.e, some stupid slave job for the biggest scoundral of the industries you can find around you. And then I console myself that atleast I'll get a nice place if not a nice industry. Then jumps in this absolute nut case of an internship co-ordinator who decides to place people by some stupid-to-the-core-undisclosed algorithm, if at all there exists one, based on some three choices you have to put without even knowing if it is legal/valid choice or not. Then comes a half-promis that you'll be placed near your home town "as far as possible". Who needs home anyways? I want to spend my time with my sister. So I go and change/mask/hide my details every where I can think of and imagine they can know to make my home town apparently hyderabd, My sister's city. Even then I was afraid I might miss the oppurtunity of three months of dreams-come-true life and go and grab every ones' hands and legs to get me some no-matter-what internship in hyderabad. I plead even with those I would otherwise not care about. At the end of the day when I thought I almost got one, comes the twist.</p>

<p> My sister joines this much-ado-vote-bank-oriented women development program by our screwed-up-political CM and the dirty lowlier-than-street-dogs JNTU acadmic-idiotic-planners, who now want her to teach what she had learnt in their already told good-for nothing program in some good-for-nothing college , as if they told anything more than what I can read up on google in one eveningshould there be need. The worst part is this college is just 20 odd miles from my home, taking hardly longer than a bored-evening bike ride I usually take. And she has to report on the very day I have to making it impossible for us to meet. Above that they wouldn't even tell weather she should be there for a month or three. Screw them. They can't even tell one moths plan ahead and they claim to be planning the (not-at-all-)bright lives of young chaps.</p>

<p> Now may be I can get to change my internship or drop in some names to change her's (Or create names!! don't blame social engineering.) But lo and behold, enters my family members who think (too idealistically) that studies and internship are more important than my love and my sister. I have to lie to them saying GRE preperation is the reason I opt Hyderabd for internship. What would I say now? that GRE is not for me! or I can study in Vijayawada for GRE, esp after forcing an impression on them that Hyderabad is synonimous for GRE? More over they even think that one 'should' love his family more than any one else and would get hurt at the slightest hint of anything against it like the preference I give to my not-really-sister but whome I love more than anyone else, may be more than my self. How am I going to convince them that I would like to spend time with my sister more than my family? I may not like them as much as I love myself and my feelings But Isurely love them too much to hurt them.</p>

<p>I know What I'm going to do. I'll first get in touch with paritala ravi gang and get rid of this worthless-for-vote-politics CM. That will buy her holidays and me a chance to meet her. Then I get some real-fire-crackers and blow up that near-my-home college, DA-IICT, JNTU, IEG etc. and yeah add Reliance to it. To hell with their stupid internships and MCNs.</p>
