--- 
layout: post
title: one more U
wordpress_id: 28
wordpress_url: http://tmayad.loonyb.in/?p=28
date: 2004-10-30 09:57:00 +05:30
---
<p>I miss Lavanya so much that I wanted to call her. I mailed her and she asked me to call her on 29th(yesterday) at 2300 EST. That is like 0930 IST. So I had to do a night out because I don't have the habit of waking up 'early' in the morning at 9. I saw few movies including Aladdin and played CS to pass the time last night.</p>

<p>Everything in my life takes a U turn in the last moment (according to my grandma it will be so till 2007). I called her alright, but she went to a birthday party. Her roomy asked me to call back in 15 min. But I decided to call back after half an hour.I was waiting to call her again. With every moment that passed all those sweet moments we spent together came back to life. All the times we spent together, all The long hours on phone. The way she used to tease me and the way I flirt with her. All the pun and pampering. I was waiting. What the heck. I dropped off at 27 th min(I know because I saw time at 9:56) and was dreaming that I'm talking to her and wondering why the call's not disconnecting on emptying the balance. When I realised I was dreaming and woke up, its 5:30 afternoon.</p>

<p> It's time to make things even. I mailed her that I would call her the next day same thime and didn't. just to make her wait in wain.(revenge). She is gonna be a li'le angry about that next time around and I like it. It feels so nice to pleade her. The way she pretends to be angry and the effort she puts into hiding her happy face( ok voice it is, But I never know the dfference. I feel as if she is sitting  beside me when ever I talk to her.)</p>
