--- 
layout: post
title: My Sister
wordpress_id: 82
wordpress_url: http://tmayad.loonyb.in/?p=82
date: 2006-10-03 19:25:00 +05:30
---
<p>What do I tell about her!!! She is a perfect little angel. For me, she is everything. But for her, Nothing is anything. She lives a simple life. But makes mine complicated at every step. All my fears, hopes, wishes, disappointments, desperations.........nothing can reach her. She is superior to every kind of stress. I could never be like her. Neither could I stop wishing to be.</p>

<p>For those who can see, there appears a contradiction. If I can be like her, then I won't be passionately attached to any thing. I can't be so emotional as I'm now and couldn't possibly seek to be like her. So after all I love her so much that I can't think my life without her presence. So essentially I don't wanna be like her.....Does it make any sense now? Never mind...cuz, if it doesn't probably you never felt love the way I feel it.</p>

<p>She is the sweetest thing I've ever seen. Her eyes speak of all the joys of life without slightest hint of caution. Her very presence fills me with the joy of living. But like any other, I'm only human. I'm greedy....and I think the needy can wait. There is a void inside me. I miss her even when she is with me. I don't know what I'm missing. But I know this much, I want her and I need her. She is the soul of my existence.</p>

<p>I know I'm not any good at creative writing. Neither can I quote any great poets. I read many poems/prose written for the beloved girl of the author. But none of them were ever written for a sister. At least not the ones I know of. This is a gift for my sister, something I wanted to give her for so long.....my self.</p>

<p><em>Do I love her??!!!!</em></p>

<p><em><small>Note: Some how this post turned into a draft. So I'm posting it again :)</small></em></p>
