--- 
layout: post
title: Tag.. Tag..
wordpress_id: 59
wordpress_url: http://tmayad.loonyb.in/?p=59
date: 2006-04-12 19:37:00 +05:30
---
<p>huh, Things you may not know? this is going to be hard. Anyways, here you go.<em><strong>5 things you may not know...</strong></em></p>

<strong>about where I live</strong><br />
<ul>
 <li>I modded most of the hostel furniture for my conviniance</li>
 <li>I got lot of dust and old things, including dead cells(batteries, not biological ones[:P]) piled under my bed</li>
 <li>I always keep my towel [;)] near the bed</li>
</ul>
<em>The other two are about my room back at home</em>
<ul>
 <li>I planned almost everything about the room, from electric and data lines to curtains and sinks</li>
 <li>The one thing I hate most about my crib is the stairs, but it helps keep the others away and offers good amount of privacy.</li>
</ul>

<strong>about my personality</strong><br />
<em>this is easy</em>
<ul>
 <li>I like my PC more than any person in this college and most of the people around me.</li>
 <li>I hate having to deal with girls, well, most of them.</li>
 <li>I'm really confused about my personality, its like I have two voices inside of me.</li>
 <li>I like to store and index every bit of information: sms, emails, phonecalls and even dreams. I chronicalise them all and index them.</li>
 <li>My love is like a waterfall. Beautiful and fun to hang around. But you'll be crushed by the sheer force if you are standing inside unless you got equally strong passion for me.</li>
</ul>

<strong>I would really like to have</strong><br />
<ul>
 <li>A mac book pro! okay this is only temporary(i.e., till one of you buy it for me [o:)] ). But I dream of a gadget with unlimited connectivity to net, small enough to carry around in style and offer large display(think of halographic projection or rollable display) to please the eyes and exotic music for ears.</li>
 <li>A jet powerwed surf board that hovers in air</li>
 <li>A Samurai sword, a Dagger of time and in general.. "..guns, lots 'n lots of them."</li>
 <li>Mind, body co-ordination. It was decided and declared long back that I don't have this.</li>
 <li>This might not make sence to many, but all I really want is a kiss.</li>
</ul>

<strong>I really hate</strong><br />
<ul>
 <li>Dishonesty, double standards, hypocrisy</li>
 <li>Incompetance and those who support it.(Doesn't have anything to do with recent reservations controversy, I've always been against it)</li>
 <li>Who ever comments about/messes with my sister, my Darkmatter(that's my PC), my friends and any one I like. And yeah add my work to the list.</li>
 <li>Stupids who think abusive words are cool and generally such ignorant idiots</li>
 <li>One mister Jayanth and another guy I don't know the name. I would kill them if I got a chance</li>
</ul>
<strong>embarrassing fannish admissions</strong><br />
<ul>
 <li>Cartoons</li>
 <li>My PC and my phone and every other gadget I own; i like them together :)</li>
 <li>Talking to my best friend, Harita, about anything and everything I could imagine.</li>
 <li>My sister</li>
 <li>My sister</li>
 <li>My sister</li>
 <em>That's three sisters: Swetha, Pinky, Swarna; Don't bother about the order though. Actually I like all my sisters.</em>
 <li>..then it's my sister, Swetha. I know I mentioned earlier but I really love her above anything else</li>
</ul>

<p>Leave the tagging for now. I'll add it later. Guys I know are busy at the moment.</p>

<p><em>edit 20060415:</em> Here I get to tag people, Let's start with <a href="http://asatishc.blogspot.com">Satish</a>, <a href="http://desibm.blogspot.com">Bharath</a>.
