--- 
layout: post
title: Lonely
wordpress_id: 65
wordpress_url: http://tmayad.loonyb.in/?p=65
date: 2006-04-26 15:37:00 +05:30
---
<pre>I lay in bed,
alone in the dark.
........</pre>
<p>Oh! so many poems start like this, It's so boring.</p>
<pre>
too lazy to turn on the light,
and yeah, its night</pre>
<p>Why else would I be in the dark unless you count occasional blackouts! any ways where were we? oh yeah, on the bed. right?</p>
<pre>My computer goes 'woosh'.
I get up with a 'swish'.
I hit the keyboard with a 'tap'.
My monitor goes on with a 'flick'.</pre>
<p>'woosh' is incoming IM alert. 'swish' is the sound of bed sheets. I have to 'tap' the ctrl key ofcourse to wake up the Darkmatter and 'flick' is the discharge in capacitors as the monitor resumes from the stdby.</p>
<pre>Its just a silly fwd,
about some two month old girl,
down with some decease,
placed in suspended animation</pre>
<p>So riddiculous that some times when I get this fwd, there is no contact details or anything. How can people be so stupid. Whats the whole point of the fwd then? I concluded she is kept in suspended animation because she had been two month old since last three years I was in college.</p>
<pre>I call airtel,
that's driving me mental.
Sitting in the window sill,
I argue that I already paid the bill.</pre>
<p>I pay them good 1500 bucks and they forget all about it after giving me a manual reciept. They don't update the account in database and as I result my outgoing was disconnected. And I have to sit in the window sill because thats the only place I would get a fair signal.</p>
<pre>I go out for dinner,
no one would come along.
I jump on my bike and kick on,
Only to find many more already there.</pre>
<p>So that's how lonely I feel. Got the <a href="javascript:togglecomments('alonepoint');">point</a>?</p>

<p id='alonepoint' style="display:none;">
Why doesn't anyone come to my room?<br />
Why should I be over joyed at the incoming IM?<br />
Why should I be jumping out of the bed from sleep not wanting to miss it?<br />
Why should I be infuriated to see the silly forward?<br />
Why should I be mad at the prospect of disconnection of out going?<br />
Why didn't I notice until two days later when my incoming too was disconnected later on?<br />
Why should I be over joyed to hear the drums being played everytime I get an SMS?<br />
Why should the ringing tone assigned to the one I love be titled 'delusions'?<br />
Why do I want to call anyone I see to come along for dinner?<br />
Why did I want to sit apart from the others, who came in earlier to the restaurent?<br />
Why did I feel more full and contempt when I had a simple breakfast next morning with some one to keep me company?<br />
Not the questions. They are answers. I'm not alone. I wouldn't feel so lonely in the middle of a dessert.<br />
As a kid, when we lived in a colony on the outskirts of the city, I used to cry every sunday evening when I had to spend the whole day away from school. Why?<br />
Even on a one week vacation, knowing my pathetic health, I make sure to visit as many friends and family members all around the state. Why?<br />
Even if it means that I have to attend the classes with 104 fever, I take atleast three such vacations every sem. Why?<br />
I'm not alone. I'm only lonely.</p>
