--- 
layout: post
title: OBE
wordpress_id: 90
wordpress_url: http://tmayad.loonyb.in/?p=90
date: 2007-01-10 14:58:00 +05:30
---
<p>Today evening I tried astral projection. Laugh if you want but I do believe in it and today isn't the first time. In fact, I've been trying since 5-6 years. However today is different. I never had this experience before.</p>

<p>I was in conscious trance; I was aware of that. The next step would be to get out of the body. But try as I might, I couldn't. I couldn't move a muscle, if the expression makes any sense. Suddenly I was loosing control of my body (or the astral counterpart of it). I can feel my heart slowly starting to beat harder. Now the rhythm was really deep and hard. I can feel it all around me. Its driving all the thoughts out of my mind. Slowly even the thought to move left my mind. The rhythm around me is the only thing. I can't feel anything anymore.</p>

<p>Then I realized I was awake. No I didn't wake up. Its hard to explain. I kind of <i>slept</i> in my <i>sleep</i> into reality. I was feeling really strange. I felt as if the reality I'm in at the moment is nothing more than a dream.</p>

<p>Though awake and conscious of everything around me, I was still in a kind of trance. I could see everything around me without actually seeing. Its as if my mind suddenly became capable of simulating the world around me. I tried but I couldn't move a muscle (this time, in the real sense). My heart is still beating really hard and I can feel my muscle pulsating in rhythm. Its cold all around and I'm all drenched in sweat. Then came the ache. My body is all exhausted and aching all over; every muscle and ligament in my body felt as if it's reached its limit. I was lying there like that for quite some time. I had no sense of time during that period. I couldn't even open my eyes.</p> 

<p>Once I became aware of the state of my body, it slowly started returning to normal. The heart beat became normal. The sweat slowly dried up, and body came into control. Of course I felt really exhausted and my mind is still feeling kind of dizzy and frustrating, uneasy with strange feeling, but at least I could <i>act</i> normal.</p>
