--- 
layout: post
title: "&quot;Please ra&quot;"
wordpress_id: 109
wordpress_url: http://tmayad.loonyb.in/?p=109
date: 2008-01-08 09:15:00 +05:30
---
<p>The words have been echoing in my head since morning. I wanted to post after a long time taking <a href="http://t-harita.blogspot.com">Harita</a>'s advise. But I don't know what to post about. The words though, were strong in my head, mean so little to everyone else. I see a blog topic here, about things we feel strongly about but are lost in the void of expression. But I'm feeling too lazy to think about it.</p>

<p>The days are going by lazily. I'm flat broke and Jobless. I'm looking for a good job that would pay me handsomely. something like atleast 25kpm in-hand. No luck yet. Came across a few openings but in Java world though. For one, I'm not a master at Java and secondly, I'm afraid I can't switch over to C at a later date if I get settled in it.</p>

<p>A friend referred me to VMWare, but I haven't heard from them yet. I wish I could make it this time. I really don't have any good opportunities in sight beyond that. BTW, if any of you guys come across any openings, please let me know.</p>

<p>May be I should be bothered about my situation. May be I should worry about it and take it really seriously and throw a tantrum. The fact is I can't. Even when people called me careless, and the ones dear pointed out that I'm being irresponsible. Believe me, I tried to worry about all of it, but nothing really matters.</p>

<p> Like always, I'm not a good 'ender'. So this marks the last sentence of the post.
