--- 
layout: post
title: "\"By the people\" from Idea"
wordpress_id: 286
wordpress_url: http://tmayad.loonyb.in/?p=286
date: 2009-03-11 16:18:25 +05:30
---

It was a great ad and and the idea has a lot of potential, unrealised.

It would be great to to take feedback from people. For anyone, not only
manthri-jees who are by and large useless anyways. So how would you go
about it? It should be simple. A user seeking feedback will sms the
question to the server number. It will be broad cast to everybody who
will reply to it and the user will get a feedback in a summarised %age
and/or number of votes.

Now, let's worry about the implimentation. Everybody is not going to
reply immediately. So we must set up a time out and/or time slice. In a
time out, the user sets a time limit for the question and he will get a
summary of results recieved till that time. In a time slice the poll
will keep running and the results mailed after every time slice. The
poll can be removed when we don't recieve a preset minimum votes in a
time slice.

There can be more than one simultaneous polls. We can deal with it in
two ways.if the simultaneous polls are going to be a lot in number, we
could assign a id to each poll and use it to track the opinions. The
downside is that the user has to include the random id in the reply
which is going to be a huge deterrant. Alternately, If the number of
simultaneous polls is fairly low, we register a bunch of lines and
assign a unique free line to each line. We can reuse the line when the
polls is removed like we discussed in previous point.

If we were to register a 100 lines, it would cost us, by the cost of
each SIM in retail, Rs.10,000/- which is not really a huge amount and
considering we are taking a bunch for SMS only, it should cost way less.
Would 100 lines be enough? Let me put it this way. Is it okay to have
more than a 100 polls? The answer is 'No'. Imagine someone getting 100
SMS questions each day. They would hate their phone to beep every 15
mins. If you have more than 100 SMS, you have a bigger problem than
tracking individual polls.

Ofcourse, this argument is based on the fact that mean time out of a
poll is one day. For polls that take longer than that, this isn't an
ideal platform, IMHO. They are better looking else where. Or build a
similar dedicated platform. There might be exceptions, and that's why we
said 'mean'. Considerable number of the polls are going to be similar to
the "Gandhi or Commando" ones which typically run for less than 15
minutes.

So that brings us to the next question. What if we DO have more than 100
polls in a day? What if we really hit it off and become popular? For
that matter most people won't tolerate even 100. May be they'll run out
of patiance with an hourly poll. Or some people might even hate us for
single SMS. We shouldn't be 'SPAM'ming them in the first place.

Well, you are right. We shouldn't be spamming. So we won't spam. It's
going to be purely opt-in service.

But that's crazy. Who'll want to opt in? Ofcourse people might be
interested in asking question. But unfortunately the same can't be said
about answering other people's dilemmas, unless they have something in
it.

That's why we are going to link both of them. You can subscribe to the
service as a whole. Not exclusively for asking.

But, that won't make them answer the sms, should we let them ask only if
they answered some N number of polls?

That would be way over board. Besides, what purpose does it serve
anyway? Other than contaminating the poll results, that is. Don't judge
people so harshly, there are many people who would like to have a say as
long as it doesn't intrude upon it.

So, how do you make sure it won't be intrusive? 100 SMS is a lot. Come
to think of it. You still haven't answered that question. How will we
manage those numbers?

I'm coming to it. There are again, two approaches. One is to tag the
questions with categories and let people subscribe to catogories. The
other is to randomly select a subset of available people and remove any
one who had already hit the soft/hard limit (preset or set by the user).
Soft limit is the number of polls recieved by the user and hard limit is
the number of answered polls answered by the user. What more? You can
use both to make it more attractive. :)

Earlier we mentioned in the passing about the cost of setting up. I'm
sure the cost of the lines itself isn't everything. There is going to be
a lot of cost involved in setting it up and then there are the SMS
charges for so many polls.

That's not the only thing. The cost of answering the poll or even asking
a question is going to be a huge deterrent to the user. You are supposed
to make it a toll-free line. The operator isn't going to be happy about
it and will be asking you to pay up instead. One way you can get returns
on the investment is to include contextual advertisements in your SMS.
Preferably, go local. (nudge..nudge..: Anybody from google local or just
dial out there?) Other is to use your userbase to run Commerciar
survays, paid by the survayer. Remember we mentioned it while talking
about duration of a poll. One caution though. Keep commersial to free
poll ratio per user low.
